---
layout: post
title:  "lcd"
date:   2022-04-01 22:57:00 -0800
categories: information theory 
---

# common points. differing stories.

information inherently is unauthoritative. and no one gives a shit. i have fallen out of love with the internet. internet of things? are these things supposed to remain an autonomous mechanism, beholden to none?

should we as responsible humans, take it upon ourselves to uphold truth and quality information as high as we do wars, sanctions, promoting extremist tendencies, and a supplanted community that is disabled from deciphering the noise produced by those who attempt to shore up as much of the passive acquisition of knowledge as they can.

# denominate your info.

yes, we all have information filters (the silly things like prejudice, bias, backward scatter, doubt, beliefs, etc...). these are the things by which we tend to complicate the raw information we receive. so taking a simple piece of information like "this is a 'A', and once it is absorbed by our brain, we start morphing 'A' into something else. interpretation. it's not necessarily detrimental to incoming truthiness, but it's not absolutely helpful at gaining quality information. Some of us will make 'A' a tangible artifact, like something to which we can relate the object 'A'. so 'A' could eventually be altered into new information like an 'A' with 'B' qualities, because it can happen, ya know. Or maybe someone wants 'A' to be an apple because they are hungry. now apple is a new knowledge form (it's been taken in, filtered, and a new form has been born), derived from a lower level knowledge form. shedding the relative filters from the acquisition of a knowledge object, gives us the bare truthiness of 'A', because it's the root of all other nodes of knowledge from which they were created.

VALUE IS SOUL!